CS194 Proposal 1
Author – CS194W: Hari Arul
(Other team members – CS194): Eric Conner, Charlie Fang, Yizhong Wei

CS194 Project Proposal: Icebox
Executive Summary
The Problem: Employees frequently jot down notes, either offline or online, about current problems they are trying to solve, tasks they are trying to complete, or quick points surrounding a presentation. However, when employees create these notes, many times there are other stored documents that are directly relevant to what the note is about. Currently, there is no mechanism to automatically and intelligently display a list of these relevant documents while one is writing a note. There is also no note taking web application that is directly connected to a user’s files.
Box.net – Assessment of Need: Box.net is a company which helps employees within a business share documents. In the past, no proper mechanism existed to allow for real time changes to work documents in a single repository before. Box.net also gives developers such as us access to their API, allowing us to develop tools based on this stored information.
Proposed Solution: Icebox will make the employee’s work more efficient. Icebox will be a real-time collaborative web-application for creating lightweight notes. Not only will Icebox allow a user to easily save these notes directly to your Box.net folder, but it will also provide a user with a list of documents within that Box folder that are relevant to that note. This list of documents will be updated as the note is being written, giving useful results to a user. The following proposal details how and why Icebox will be created.
The Basic Idea
We propose Icebox will help employees have a better grasp on what they are currently working on. We also believe Icebox will make them more efficient and collaborative by having a simple mechanism to create and share new notes on Box.net. From a product standpoint, we envision a browser application that will run on top of the Box.net API. On the frontend, the application will allow a user to create or edit a lightweight note (text document) as well as work on it collaboratively in real-time. The application will then intelligently process both the content of the note, determine the most relevant keywords, and proceed to search through that user’s files to find the most relevant documents to that note. By comparing these keywords, and then doing further ranking of the documents on Box.net, Icebox will give a user quick access to documents which are relevant to what he is currently working on.
We believe Icebox, as a browser application, will be integrated as two components: ‘note taking and ‘document similarity,’ as described above. For the ‘note taking’ portion of the application, we intend to use a diff-patch-merge algorithm to enable real-time sharing between users, who need to log in and authenticate before they can create a note or have access to one that is currently being worked on. For the ‘document similarity’ portion, we will use the Box.net API to view the user’s files and use proper algorithms to extract meaningful information from the note text. We envision an initial keyword extraction algorithm that detects the most relevant and interesting tokens within the given note, and subsequently uses the Box.net Search API function to figure out documents with that query. Icebox will then perform further analysis to rank those documents. While there are many collaboration tools that exist for business, there are none in which a user can so easily create and share information in real-time, and then store it on the online repository where all the rest of her files are. Similarly, no tool currently exists to properly find relevant documents to what an employee is currently working on.
Assessment of the Need: The Problem, and How We Solve It 
‘Note Taking on Box’: Icebox mitigates the difficulties in employee collaboration, by integrating an elegant front-end solution on top of the system which employees use to store files. Online collaboration is currently very important within companies, but most forms of quick communication are disjointed and are not entirely effective. For example, real-time notes typically occur in a free-flowing online conversation, making specific details tough to store and find. As a result, communication through these disjoint tools often leads to employees missing out on things that need to be done. 

The current solution is to just have increased meetings or more centralization, but many times this leads to more bureaucracy, causing a net negative for the company. By utilizing Icebox, an employee can create and share information in real-time, and proceed to store that directly into where they keep all their files. This integration with Box.net means it is more likely information is both focused a subject, as well as not easily forgotten, as an employee always has easy access to those created files.
‘Relevant Document Suggestion’: When an employee is working, there is no mechanism that informs him whether there are other items he has which are similar to the one he is working on. Typically, we would just rely on the user to realize that there are other documents relevant to his current work, and then pull those up. However, with Icebox, now that we are given access to the documents a user stores via Box.net, we can intelligently figure out what content is similar to the current document (in this case, a note) being worked on. This will lead to greater efficiency and knowledge gained for employees while working, either collaboratively or individually.
How Icebox Compares: A Benchmarking
Current Solutions – Note Taking: Taking notes or writing short documents is currently an important part of the average employee’s work day, whether it be writing to-do lists or notes about a presentation. However, note taking as it currently stands is not an integrated process, with people just writing down information and then arbitrarily storing it. Furthermore, most note taking is not done via a simple web application, but either is written on a sticky note, notepad, or a word document. While these are all effective and widely used ways of writing down and storing information, a system devoted to note-taking which is also directly connected to your other files would be even better. Icebox provides this opportunity by creating a light-weight note taking web application on top of Box.net. 
Furthermore, there are many tools that currently exist which allow for online collaboration of work documents. However, most tools do not allow for real-time collaboration, as they just expect you to e-mail drafts back and forth among different collaborators, and also aren’t directly connected to your file storage system. The one notable exception to this is Google Docs, which does provide a system for close to real-time collaboration among multiple users. Google Docs has also been targeting businesses recently. Even though we believe that Google Docs is a good solution for collaborating on documents, it has all the features to seem like a Microsoft Word online. A collaborative note taking application does not need many features, and should focus on storing documents in the proper location. With Google Docs, you can only save them on your Google repository and it is not a simple, white-board like interface. Icebox allows you to store documents directly on Box.net and therefore for the purpose of notes, it remains an effective, easy to use application.
Current Solutions – Relevant Documents: For the ‘relevant documents application of Icebox, we also believe that using Box.net will enhance productivity by identifying similar documents to the currently used note. A person’s file content is a great indicator as to what is most important to their work (in fact, by definition, it is their work). Other business networks have intelligent features that allow a user to gain new information, such as Linkedin’s ‘People You May Know’ application, but we feel like a person’s Box.net profile and files is a much more relevant indicator of one’s work than Linkedin user profiles and connections. Also, no current tool exists to recommend relevant documents within someone’s file repository – most information retrieval tools focus on other applications like finding relevant news. The current solution is a non-technical one – typically, people just recommend or remember past documents that are useful to what they are working on. While this will remain a useful solution, an algorithmic way of easily delivering relevant documents will also be helpful. The reason a relevant document search has never been examined before is because never before have people been able to write applications based on an employee’s files; with Box.net, an application developer has this access for the first time. As a result, Icebox will make an employee more efficient by delivering relevant document content while they are working or collaborating on a note.
The New Opportunity: Before a technology like Box.net, work documents were not shared and collaborated upon in real-time ‘in the cloud.’ Instead, the documents were kept on users local machines or e-mailed to each other only when necessary. Through the proliferation of Box.net across major corporations, new opportunities exist to leverage access to these stored documents and profiles in a way that is both secure and relevant. With this belief in mind, Icebox attempts to make employees more efficient and informed by cleverly accessing the documents they are storing and collaborating on. By identifying similar documents and creating a lightweight note application, Icebox will make employees more efficient in a way that does not impede their current workflows.
Conclusion: Why Icebox Will Work
To summarize, by creating a collaborative web application and algorithmically examining a user’s file content, Icebox presents a novel way to generate notes and connect them to other relevant documents. With a team that has internship experience across small, mid-size, and large organizations, we have seen the need to better improve communication among different employees as well as make it easy to connect past and current work. The main struggle in the past has been dealing with the fact that employees are already too busy and cannot effectively take the time to learn new tools. Since Icebox works on top of an application that is readily used in companies, and passively provides information to the user who is working on something easy to use, it will work better than existing methods of generating notes. In fact, the application should be used in conjunction with these existing methods, so that employees maintain a broad and diverse way to write down information as well as work with different employees. By making employees more effective, Icebox will be a step forward in improving company efficiency.