CS194 Project Proposal Outline
CS 194 Project Proposal Outline I. Executive Summary
Our general idea for the project focused on the fact that files shared in a corporation on Box.net were the best indication on what a given person is working on within the company. By using the Box.net API's, by using the content which a given user shares / receives on Box.net, we can find news articles / information that is directly relevant to what they are working on, and then share that information with them.
For example, if a team at a large corporation was working on digital display ads, and a lot of the content they would share with each other dealt with pricing of these display ads, we would be able to search for some combination of 'digital display advertising pricing,' and provide external content which would be directly relevant to that (perhaps by using the Google News API, or something else).
We can similarly use file content of a given Box.net user within a company to help figure out whether there are other people within the company that are sharing similar content (e.g. have similar tags) as that user, but they are not connected to each other via Box.net (i.e. have not shared any files with each other). This could help forge new connections and eliminate repetitive work. The concept is the same as above, but it focuses on internal connections rather than external content.
II. The Basic Idea
Envisioned as a browser application running on a user’s Box.net site (which lists their files / connections). We will use the Box.net API to view all the files for a given user, and use a sophisticated algorithm (perhaps involving n-gram counting or similarity indices between different texts) to determine what the most relevant subjects are within the content. If done properly, this will be the best indication of what someone is working on within the company (or at the very least, what (s)he considers most important by placing it on Box)
With this information, we can both recommend up-to-date news articles and connections…. III. Assessment of the Need
Who will use this product - people at businesses that use Box.net Why do they need it -
News: a lot of times, someone working on a product may not always be up-to-date with
new developments in the area, so having something to recommend news articles to them automatically can be a great way to enhance a user’s knowledge and experience.
New Connections: A common complaint of large organizations is that there are multiple disparate groups working on very similar products or ideas, but were never connected.
Using this application accurately can increase efficiency by connecting these people so they talk and work together on these new products.
What do they use now - News: No great system for news delivery via Box.net. People get their news access via the morning paper, e-mail, company morning newsletters. The applications out there
that personalize news try to make a guess as to who you are based on previous viewing content and your preferences, but never have an in-depth look at what you are currently working on.
New Connections: People you may know at linkedin, word-of-mouth from friends and managers at the company, e-mail introductions, meetings / conferences
IV. Benchmarking: description of the state of the art
-Google News Search: Strengths: delivers very relevant news articles, does a great job of aggregating similar articles Weaknesses: relies on the user to conceive of query words, is basically one-directional; there may be some recent news bits that may be relevant to the user, but the user may not immediately realize that searching for this news is worthwhile
-Google News (and other personalized news recommenders): Strengths: can algorithmically give you relevant articles, can tweak what you think is relevant to your search Weaknesses: user needs to go to the website directly to access, has no connection to what you’re actually working on unless you ONLY search for those things
-Box.net (without our product): Strengths: users can share web links and documents with other users; there is already a collaboration tool Weaknesses: Box does not recommend user connections; user is responsible for forging connections, and currently there are no existing channels to the web that provide user with latest news
-LinkedIn: Strengths: users can view other users’ resumes, their experience etc. LinkedIn also recommends new user connections through the “People You May Know” feature Weaknesses: users profiles are usually not very detailed, don’t contain much information about what they are currently working on. LinkedIn relies heavily on the social graph to create connections and does not really have access to users’ work